David has had to defer and J.J. Kooey is jumping into the breach. Welcome to today's discussion.
This group is founded by Dr. Stephen Frost with a desire to pursue truth, ethics, justice,
freedom and health. Stephen has stood up against government and power over the years and has been
a whistleblower and activist. His medical specialty is radiology. We comprise lots of professions
here from all around the world. We're not just medical doctors and many of us thought
that vaccines were okay. Now many of us proudly say, yes, we are passionate anti-vaxxers. If this
is your first time here, welcome and feel free to introduce yourself in the chat. If you publish
anything, use that podcast, put the details into the chat so we can find you, promote you,
even if you've done it previously because we have a floating population, put it into the chat,
don't be shy. Most of us understand we're in the middle of World War III and that there
are various battle lines as part of this war. Most of us understand the development of science
and that the science has never settled. The meeting runs for two and a half hours after
which for those with the time, Tom Rodman runs a video telegram meeting. Tom puts the links
into the chat if you're able to join. We listened to J.J. Kooey for as long as he's thought he's
going to speak a short time and then we're going to have plenty of Q&A and Stephen
Frost via a long established tradition asks the first series of questions for the first 15 minutes.
There's no censorship. It's a free speech environment. If you're offended by anything, be offended.
We're genuinely not interested. We reject the offense industry that requires nobody to say
anything that may offend another. We come with an attitude and perspective of love not fear. Fear
is the opposite of love. Fear squashes you, love on the other hand expands you and in my show last
week I talked about fear porn just to hold those two words in your head. Governments are love it
when you are full of fear. You come to this place to remind yourself to let go of the fear.
If you have a solution or a product or links or resources that will help people put the details
into the chat, the meeting is recorded and is uploaded on the Rumble channel. Some of you will
be watching this by recording. Welcome and now welcome again JJ Kubi who has presented twice to
us before this is his third time and please go back and look at the recordings of his presentations.
They are excellent, they are provocative, they are meaningful and thank you JJ for jumping into
the last moment to replace Dr David Martin and thank you Stephen Frost again for all creating
this agreement for organising JJ. Over to you JJ you have screen sharing rights what we're in
your hands. Thank you very much anybody who's watching now on the zoom if you don't already see me as
the big screen and only the big screen then go up to the right hand corner of your screen click
on view and change it to speaker view instead of gallery because I'm going to control my own
screen and so it will never override that so you need to change to that view and then you'll see me
big and that means if you see that then you should also see me now down here in the corner
and if that's working fine then everything should be good so I first of all I want to
compliment you guys for being here every week multiple times sometimes for the last three years
because we're going to require a certain level of endurance for us to make it across the finish
line in the coming years and I say coming years because I'm quite certain that that's how long
this battle is going to go. We can't take the bait on TV and social media which keeps us focused
on the ground in front of us. I'm starting to really understand that the game is a longer game
than this year or next year and in order for us to get ahead of this game we're going to have
to start thinking a little bit farther ahead than the coming six months and so don't take the bait
don't pay attention to the things that they're throwing in front of you even if it's google fold
and they claim that they've figured out how they can fold all the proteins in the universe
and they've made a little video like the one I'm playing here to trick you into the believing
that. So I've been pitching for a while that essentially the psychological operation of the
pandemic was one way in which they used a series of censorship and very dramatic pronouncements that
were all uniform across the globe in order to trick us into believing that there was a mystery
to solve and that that mystery involved a virus that circulated the globe for more than three years
that that virus was very different and novel from any other previous virus and that that
meant it was likely that it wasn't natural and the mystery has led us the solving of this mystery
has essentially tricked the left and the right into believing that the solution to this mystery
is the truth and so whether you end up believing that it's probably natural or it's probably a
lab leak or that pandemics are something that we need to fear in the future is something that you
won't question so I kind of said that a little awkwardly but if you come to the conclusion that
it was a natural virus or you come to the conclusion that it was a lab leak you are still coming to
the conclusion that we must prepare for the next one and that as our wonderful technology
continues to grow and expand the ease with which anyone who wants to be a creep can create a pandemic
virus will become ever more accessible to people working in their garage and that is essentially
what they would like the average tv viewer to have come to in the last three years and this trick
has been magical because this trick has been pulled off by a number of different people
and I'm not necessarily accusing anyone on the screen here in particular but I'm just
trying to use it as an illustration for how a series or a group of people that could change
the way that we think about respiratory disease that could change the way we think about all
cause mortality that could change the way we think about our immune response to disease
and change the way that we think about vaccination or permanently solidify how we think about it
could essentially allow to happen by just telling people that there's a novel virus and we have no
idea what to do although it looks like pneumonia it's not treatable in the normal way because this
is a novel virus and we have no idea what to do and so with the very standard you know rush to rush
to conclusions and make sure that there's legal protection and there's also financial
incentives they were able to use medazalam in the UK remdesivir in the united states a drug that
has never proven therapeutic for anything and they were able to make it the standard of care
in the united states for more than a year they were able to ventilate people to stop spread
they told paramedics in New York City not to resuscitate heart attack victims
because resuscitation might cause the spread of the disease and so these things are all coming out
now three years later when we finally try to look at the death count in New York City and we find a
four-week bomb of 20,000 excess deaths and then it goes right back to baseline and never goes up
again and now that we have this data and we point out to people they just deny it it doesn't matter
Jessica Hawkins data doesn't matter and now we're starting to see how this was done it was best
described by Noam Chomsky and I'm sorry I said this last time but again I'm not prepared so
the spectrum of debate has been limited by this this cartoon mystery that has been presented to us
on TV and social media thrown into movies years before the pandemic so that we were primed and
ready to go we were already knowing that viruses come out of bat caves we were already told that
it can be accessed in laboratories with animal passage or with cell culture and we've more recently
been told that we can stitch them together and this has always been the plan it has always been
the plan to lie to us about this potential and then come out with a big global drama
in order to solidify it as the new mythology under which we would be governed it is the only way
that you could think about governing a globe you can't govern a globe with different nations
and different languages and different religions and different cultures different music unless they
have one unifying mythology and this is that unifying mythology that there are gain of function
viruses that RNA can be endowed with the ability to travel from person to person with high fidelity
for three years through millions of people and they've convinced us with all of these people
all of these people are on narrative and it's become my life's mission to understand
who was briefed on this silly narrative and I've been able to figure it out based on what they
don't talk about almost no one talks about how how central it was to 2020 and 2021 that PCR was
taken seriously we don't even talk about it anymore but this was a gigantic fraud and how many of
our dissident leaders are talking about it but they should start with it they should start with it
at every talk but they don't masking lockdown the fact that we now have data that shows that there
was no spread in New York City the death certificate frauds that were documented in so many different
states nobody seems to know but me the protocol do not resuscitate frauds that were
were done in New York City for that month no one is still talking about it the way that they
ventilated the way and how they treated people with remdesivir and who's responsible for that
we're not talking about it and who's not talking about it almost everybody in the red triangle
I'm not picking on people not calling people bad guys but you can go through their social
media with a objective electronic comb and you can just query how often do they talk about
remdesivir and when they do what do they say who do they talk about it with have they ever
mentioned medazalam in the UK no american ever does so if you start to really look at it my
friends they start to reveal themselves because they don't actually tell the truth
they tell this story about a novel virus that is responsible for the majority of the damage
and the majority of the crazy behavior we had to make these decisions because of the virus
and none of these people in this red triangle for all practical purposes do not question the
existence of the virus and i'm not saying that there isn't a virus but i am saying that there
isn't something that was released at a point in rulon and then traveled around the world rapidly
for three years changing variant after variant after variant that is definitely a mythology
and in fact anybody that's questioned the protocols first or the spread or the variants
is now in this yellow zone where you can't talk to them anymore they're irrelevant
and so i figured out a way to really piss them off which is to save this stuff in a more correct
way and so i believe this is very close but i've got to caveat it a little bit because some people
don't really like what i'm saying whoops what i'm saying here
but transfection is not immunization that's pretty simple but intramuscular injection of any
combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb is something i've
been saying more recently and it needs a little bit of a caveat if your goal is to augment the
immune system so that the mucosal layer of the lungs and the gut respond in a positive way so
that you are immune to a disease that replicates there then immunizing intramuscularly is dumb
if there are viruses that maintain some kind of you know serum and some kind of concentration
in the serum and therefore you need antibodies there that you got to explain it to me but for now
today i want to end my talk with a little picture that i'll draw where i try to explain the immune
system very simply more importantly in a way that you yourself can explain it to your friends and
family and then explain why intramuscular injection might not be all it's cracked up to be and certainly
transfection is not all it's cracked up to be so this is my latest sort of people map everybody in
yellow is somebody who's still following the faith of the natural or the novel virus that we
had to do something in the MRI probably saved people and uh the virus will come again the red
people are just people that have blocked me and made me sure that they're probably not good players
and the green are people who's consistency with pursuit of the truth has impressed me
enough so that i i think they're their their track record is pretty consistent i'm not this
is not an exhaustive list this is my own personal experience so one that if you don't know who this
is jessica hockett should speak for your group at some point she is a teacher of teachers working
and living in the new york city area i believe her in chicago or yeah chicago she lives in but
she analyzed the data from new york city and compared it to chicago and found some incredible
anomalies which i think are some of the more important discoveries in the american data since
the start of the pandemic and really underscore the illusion that was created and specifically
with new york i'm sure you guys all know who nick hudson is he said some of the smartest stuff
i mean he's not always a hundred percent because he's he's trying very hard to keep as many
possibility doors open even when i think that they're closed but that doesn't make him bad
what i think has been so wonderful about him is because he has so succinctly articulated the
idea that when somebody presents you with a global problem that requires global solutions you know
it's bs and that single ideological contribution to our movement has been spectacular because i
think it sums up about 80 percent of what the messaging needs to be going forward to the people
who are way off the reservation and we need to save
of course you know denny way uh jj we have had nick present to us okay great he's fantastic i don't
know if you've had denny rancor but he's also denny is just fantastic and he's done some of the analysis
of course that's really breaking this wide open now one of the things you might not be so aware of
is this recent development and my work and the work of marqulak we have not really discovered but
kind of uncovered some connections between these people in the beginning of the pandemic which would
seem to suggest that it wouldn't be ridiculous for them to have coordinated their messaging from
the very beginning um there are several examples of robert malone doing live streams when he first
came public in august of 2021 with paul cotrell um paul cotrell was the first person that i ever
live stream with in 2020 and in 2020 i had already uncovered him as fraud um calling himself a
doctor but he's actually uh he actually did a phd in finance and he was doing a biology degree
somewhere but he definitely wasn't a doctor and he actually said believe it or not in february of
2020 that he was streaming a live phone call from taiwan where this woman was describing a situation
in taiwan that was so dire and that the only thing that was working was a drug called remdesivir
and she couldn't pronounce it but paul could now what makes it real curious about paul
is that during every stream that i ever did with him and to me um uh in april of march in april of
may of 2020 he was a proponent of it being a worst case scenario worst case scenario in
new york city and arguing that he could see the cooler trucks outside of his
apartment so it didn't matter what jay cooey was saying i can see the reality in new york city
now interestingly george web's favorite source of biology since the beginning of the pandemic is
none other than paul cotrell and to this day george web will defend paul cotrell as one of the heroes
of the biology now at the same time consider the fact that robert melon and george vunden ball
she knew each other from a professional relationship in two thousand seven and eight when they both
worked for salve pharmaceuticals on the flu back seat which in two thousand eleven mark
robert melon was speaking about uh in relation to fill and finish technologies
and also presenting to the hoo directly so multiple governments then so at the start of the pandemic
paul cotrell or sorry at the start of robert melon's emergence on to the public scene he had he
streamed with paul cotrell he had already worked with here at vunden ball at salve so he mentions
here at vunden ball she is one of the authorities almost immediately in his live streams and now
he's saying that that george web over here is one of his worst enemies on the internet but
usefully enough he links to george web's work and he links to george web's appearance on 60 minutes
the same show that had you know peter day sack on a couple times and has had jamie mezel on a
couple times talking about the lab leak so what i think we're starting to see here is that some
of the people that we're pretending to be part of us are actually this fifth generation warfare
kind of thing that have been grooming us to solve the lab leak forget about the protocols
worry about gain a function and give up on figuring out who's responsible for this
i think one of the reasons why you should be skeptical of karat vunden motion's recent position
is that his position relies on the idea that the
transfection faithfully augmented the immune system it's just that it augmented the immune
system in a way that has pushed the virus in a particular direction and that is a spectacular
it's a spectacular mythology where the virus the virus can be pushed around by a transfection
in many people so what a wonderful they get he gets you to accept the power of transfection
the the idea that viruses can transmit around the world all in one alternative theory
and so i've been trying to break this down from the biological perspective but i think
a really good illustration of what has occurred here sorry i got to go back
and if you have seen this already i apologize but this is something that's really hit home
um with people on my stream and so i thought i'd drop it in here and then i'll stop i think
um there is an illusion of consensus that is created when you when you censor all of the people
who you are speaking questionable or alternative views and you amplify all the people who are
hyper on the same thing you know like build back better or whatever it's a horrible
example but it's a good example and my argument is is that this is so complicated
that they actually planned to create an illusion of consensus around the argument
of a lab leak or a natural virus so much so that they have coordinated both sides
with the heminate you know i don't know how to say that word but very vigorous defenders of
the natural virus very vigorous defenders of the lab leak almost ridiculous right
but that's the point because they want you to think that this debate and this consensus
that this is the thing to argue about will lead you to think that well how can i deny it it's very
much like an ash conformity experiment where so many people agree that this is the thing to
figure out they must be the thing to figure out and once you jump on board you're done
where's the illusion of consensus best illustrated is in a sitcom
maybe you'll recall the the soup nazi maybe i'm turkey chili
medium crab best this is one of the legendary episodes of Seinfeld
where this guy's a real mean soup soup monger i didn't get any bread just forget it but it go
oh excuse me i think you forgot my bread bread two dollars extra
and now the illusion of consensus you want bread is audible three dollars
nothing for you
let me try it again and remove the illusion of consensus
medium turkey chili medium crab best
and so let me pause it to you get any bread just forget it let it go without the laughter
it's not quite as funny i think you forgot my bread bread two dollars extra
two dollars everyone in front of me got free bread you want bread yes please three dollars
nothing for you
now what does this say to you i don't know what it says to you but what it says to me
is that intelligence agencies are the perfect medium through which to create
the illusion of consensus on social media that there is a laboratory leak that there's a
batcave virus that they're lying about it that those emails are weird
that those people aren't acting correct rann paul and tony fauci fought live on tv
it must be something significant the cdc leaked uh leaked a slide deck that says the delta
is breaking through the vaccine and that even people who were previously infected are getting
infected with delta oh my gosh the cdc was keeping this from us oh my goodness we found a
d-o-d leaked lab sorry grant proposal from equal health alliance and they were going to insert
fear and cleavage sites in coronaviruses and spray them into batcaves and this was in 2017
so they probably did it and then that caused the pandemic we solved it
and it sounds ridiculous but that's actually where we are the diffuse proposal was leaked
the cdc did leak a slide deck about delta there was a slide deck leaked from the uk
i don't know what that one's called the mhra or something like that also about one of the variants
and they've been doing this repeatedly with the idea of ceding the narrative with social media
personalities and on every you can't underestimate how many of these people are gaining followers
fame comfort a lucrative sub stack simply because they agreed to push one thing
or to not question the novelty of the virus or the necessity of doing something or the fact that
it could come again if you don't question those three things everybody's trapped in this mythology
forever and misleading children about this this is us telling them a new story about Santa Claus
that is the reason instead of giving presents every year is the reason why they're going to
need an electronic chip in their skin and so the tv scenarios are lab leak or batcave virus and
the way to explain this is that in 2008 the earth was free of pathogen and then in 2019
something was leaked or released or whatever and then it by itself went around the world
RNA to RNA to RNA to RNA and that's where the biology breaks down RNA molecules can't do that
and if you just say it that simple you don't need to say there are no RNA viruses you don't have to
get into a debate about what diseases are real and what diseases aren't you just have to say that
that's not how RNA works there might be local outbreaks of an infectious RNA I guess that's
probably possible I don't know but I do know that if you put a thousand identical RNAs in a place
in Wuhan and then put them on the street no matter how perfect they were they would not be able to
jump from person to person with high fidelity all the way until 2024 and we could still call it the
same thing no it's not all works and so a conflated background signal is the best way to think about
it because again we have no data from before 2020 about whether or not anybody would test
positive with any of these PCR tests none none whatsoever it is very similar to starting to measure
the spread of automobiles around the world and saying there were no automobiles in 2019 and
now there's this crazy spread of automobiles and you should look and if you I'm trying to think of
a good analogy here but if you if you go into your garage or go outside of your house and you find
something with four wheels you might already have an automobile and so now the premise there is is
that the only way you would accept that as evidence of spread of automobiles in America
is if you accept a premise that they weren't there yesterday holy crap we have two automobiles
they were here spreading everyone the neighbors have automobiles I can see them holy cow
and so the real biological shell game here is that before 2020 they had not a little data they had
zero data zero nobody's sequencing coronaviruses and people nobody's mass testing for PCR
nobody ever rolled out one of these these products before and if you listen to somebody like
Michael Yieton explained it there's no way to to have products like this made and mass this quickly
with the quality control that would be necessary for them to be reliable diagnostics of anything
it's just absurd but we accepted it all
and so the point here is to remember that it doesn't matter whether it's an endemic background
coronavirus the protocols were murder and transfection is not medicine it doesn't matter if it was an
infectious clone if you want to talk about that a little bit um the very quick summary for that
in case you forgot is that DNA is quite high fidelity copying RNA is not and so that's the same
reason why an RNA virus cannot go around the world with high fidelity for three and a half years
because that's not how RNA works but RNA virology is based on the shortcut or the the cheat where
you can take an RNA sequence that you're able to find in the wild you can synthetically create a
DNA copy of that and then you can use a bacterial culture to make lots of copies of that DNA because
DNA is quite high fidelity to copy meaning that you can make lots of copies of the same thing
and they're pretty close to the same for millions and millions of copies then you can use an enzyme
to change that huge collection of DNA molecules that are all identical to a pretty homogenous
set of RNA and now that's a pure RNA clone of the original RNA sequence that you identified in the
bat but in a purity and in a quantity that you would never be able to prepare by any natural means
you know culturing into the dish or sampling lots of bats because again RNA doesn't copy itself
high fidelity no matter which way and where it grows but if you make a clone of it in DNA and
then you make a lot of that DNA then you can make a lot of that RNA and then you have a lot more
than whatever existed nature and that that could be released in Wuhan in Iran and in America
and anywhere that was released those people would test very PCR positive right on for that sequence
and if you were able to create enough of it you would be able to sequence the whole thing so
let me explain one thing about clones because I came up with this explanation earlier today on
another interview and it'll be fun to put that in here so if you're infected I've told you this
before if you're infected with a virus and and it's a it's a regular natural RNA coronavirus then
as Robert Malone and others have explained a vast majority of the infectious particles that
you inhale and that are produced from the infection are actually non-infectious particles and that's
because the RNA copying is imperfect and the packaging is imperfect and the list is very long
of all the things that are imperfect so we've known that there is an infectious to non-infectious
particle ratio for all viruses and so for coronaviruses it might be 50 to 1 it might be 20 to 1 it
might be 100 to 1 it might be 1000 to 1 nobody's really endeavored to measure it but let's just
say it's 10 to 1 let's say that for every infectious particle that you inhale and it starts to replicate
it will make nine non-infectious particles for every one infectious particle that's a pretty
low ratio because actually a lot of viruses are thought to be between 20 and 50 so this is just
one in 10 okay so I'm going to draw that picture with two squares and those are two different lungs
so we're going to do two different infections okay so the first lung infection is one infectious
particle is going to infect that lung okay and it's going to replicate I know we got to do we got
to do we got to do through we got to do a total of 10 I guess that's that's how this works so we're
going to infect it and so the 10 viral particles that get made in the first round of replication
from this one is one and then one two three four five six seven eight nine two and these are all
infectious or non-infectious particles and then you get one that's a good one okay if you took this
and then this gets coughed out right then we're coughing out one infectious particle and many
non-infectious particles you see so the odds are not great that this coronavirus is going to
transmit it in fact that's the way that they explain coronavirus transmissions highly
how do you say it unreliable transmission is exactly because of this this is what they would
have told you before the pandemic now they don't say it at all but you can find papers discussing
this idea that it's that it's this non-infectious to infectious particle ratio that makes the
reliability of coronavirus infection low and then it's the variability in the copying of the RNA
that makes each infection different from the last one and the RNA changes very rapidly in the
coronavirus sequence and so how we build immunity to coronaviruses is usually through tolerance
you try to ignore them because they're not really doing very much because most of the
particles they make are garbage do you see now what I want you to think about very carefully
is what happens when you get infected with a clone because when you get infected with a clone
you're getting infected with pure RNA pure RNA meaning that if they are packaged correctly or
it's done correctly then when you get infected you get 10
infectious particles that would get made now sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry I just said that
wrong number you screw this up darn it darn it darn it darn it so the point is is that in this
in this first illustration where we're being infected by a cough right so this is
this is somebody else transmitting infectious and non-infectious particles and then it replicates
and then we cough if you get sorry I screwed that up if you get infected with a clone
you are being you are inhaling 10 infectious particles
not not nine non-infectious and one infectious particle you're inhaling 10 infectious particles
that will all do what they will all make one infectious particle and 10 non-infectious
particles so after one round of replication
in this person's inhalation you will have four of these one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten yeah ten of these and then you will have nine times four you'll have 36 non-infectious
particles and I won't draw all those out but you don't have 36 of them now I know that this
is a mathematically weak example but what I want you to see is that a natural coronavirus
cannot be weaponized you can't grow this entity in a cell culture and ever get enough for it to
be weaponized but if you take this infectious particle and you sequence it
and you convert it to DNA and then you make a massive quantity of it right
you can make as much as you want in a in a cell culture then when you convert it to DNA or to RNA
again you will have this you will be you will be exposing the animal to you will be sharing with
your colleague a pure high quality and high quantity of this pure RNA so if they wanted to do this
and make it look like a coronavirus was circulating around the world knowing that a coronavirus can't
do that well the technology that they have that is the basis for all laboratory coronavirus and
RNA virus work is the DNA recombinant infectious clone this RNA infectious clone right here
and so now imagine if they sprayed that in the subway what would happen people would get very
sick but they would shed the same cloud of non-infectious particles so these people would
definitely be sick they would definitely sequence positive they would probably have
a very severe infection because they're inhaling all infectious particles not
annoying immunogenic or antigenic particles but particles that will cause replication of that
DNA and production of viral proteins which is the reason why infection starts to trigger the
the whole immune cascade in the first place and you can see why in this natural infection
the the tendency of the immune system is not to go to a cytokine storm but in in a situation like
this where every cell has a replication competent RNA now you can imagine a scenario where this is
a really great model of of infection in the laboratory to use it's extremely reliable it's
extremely robust and more importantly it goes back to a DNA construct that can be shared with
with an and catalog for all time and so to virologists this is just the way it's done
but they haven't made the connection that this is the only thing that can be produced in large
enough quantities to create the signal that we saw if you let an RNA loose and the only way it's
going to get around the world is this way and there ain't no pandemic and that is the trick
if we can get people to understand this it is really you know the problem is that it's DNA and
RNA and so i've got another little drawing that i think i want to share and then i'll be quitting
i promise this drawing is designed um that anybody can do it on a napkin to explain number
one how the immune system works and number two why vaccination intramuscularly for most
if not all things is in reality pretty dumb so i'm going to try and draw the simplest vertebrate
body i can to illustrate what the immune system does and in so doing i'm going to draw it like this
and this is also a drawing that any of you can make
that's great okay perfect so you're going to think oh that's the lungs no it's not
this right here is the lungs this right here is your GI tract and this these two areas here are
your body so there is an outside and an inside and it is this barrier here
that the immune system defends and it fends it defends it in a directional way
inside out and we know that because this directional this rather this barrier is fortified by a network
of lymph nodes where the immune system that that guards this barrier and this this illustration
this might be the skin the lymph nodes are the headquarters of the immune system that man this
barrier and of course all the mds and all the people that have been reading into this biology
are aware that this barrier is continuous through the lungs and actually through the gut
and it's only the change in the manning of that barrier that determines what happens at that barrier
for example at the lung barrier i'll just put an L here for the lungs at the lung barrier it's
almost all intolerance we don't really tolerate anything there now you might say that we tolerate
pollen and that kind of stuff but in general it's still being cleared efficiently by the mucus
and that's why we're not having to tolerate it but in general at the lungs it's intolerance
on the other hand in the gut we need to absorb all the all the fatty um all the
all the things that are not soluble in water have to be dissolved into the lymph which is of course
also the main travel pathway of the immune system and therefore what happens in the gut is actually
the opposite it's closer to a tolerance filter than anything else letting almost everything through
and needing to be very careful about not letting foreign things in so remember when you're teaching
your your your family that this is also the outside this is also outside
and that's the point is that when you start to think about the gut as the outside and the lungs
is the outside and start to understand that there's a continuous mucus membrane between the lungs
and the gut
then you will see that actual response to a respiratory pathogen is a response of intolerance
to viral replication in the lungs and tolerance to the presence of viral proteins in the gut
and what that does is it creates two very yin and yang differences in the different populations
in the T cells which are sometimes called T regulatory cells in the gut and then of course T
helper cells and cytotoxic T cells up here but in reality I think that that whole nomenclature is
probably a little bit too simplified for the kind of orchestration that happens but I think it's
for our purposes of teaching our family and friends it's important for them to understand
just from that explanation that because food and nutrients need to pass through the gut freely
without us building immunity to them which would be an allergy there is a very different complement
of immune cells that's found here in the payer's patches then there are found in the lymph nodes
which serve the lungs but it is the crescendo of the immune system created by the intolerant
response of the lung cells the immune system protecting the lungs that is counterbalanced
by the tolerance that builds as the viruses replicate and move down into the gut and those
proteins are then processed by this wing of the immune system so that these T regulatory cells
have the exact specificity necessary to turn down the ones that are driving the immune response
at the lungs and this localization of these different responses and the coordination
between those cell groups is vital to the proper identification of what B cells need to go into
storage and what B cells can go into apoptosis what T cells need to go into dormancy and what don't
it is an orchestration of this response at all of these barriers that are that are exposed to
these RNAs and if we don't understand exactly how that works I'm fine but I assure you that it is
the orchestration of these two responses and more that is the sum total R of R immune response which
means that injecting a vaccine intramuscularly here is about the dumbest thing you can imagine
doing if you want to augment this system it might work for something I don't know but my guess is
my feeling is my gut feeling is already months ago that this is the right way to explain it
that the immune system is designed specifically for this task and if you put something on the
inside you have essentially created a scenario where the immune system is going to be challenged
not to make a mistake and now even more important to understand is that in transfection
whatever cell is going to express the spike protein is going to need to be removed
and in removing that so that it goes to make an S over this and that's the spike protein
any cell that needs to be removed is going to be removed by the immune system and that means that
every time a cell is transfected and gets removed you are challenging we are challenging our immune
system to be sure and not choose any of our own proteins to present and if it does choose our
own proteins to present you better hope there isn't a T cell waiting or autoimmunity is non-stop
and never going back and this die this this Russian roulette is played at every cell that gets
transfected faithfully with an RNA and it doesn't matter what what tissue it is the potential for
that error to occur is now real and i believe that that is the main danger of transfection
that they are trying to hide behind saying that the spike protein is toxic or that the lmp's are
toxic or that there's dna in the shot what i'm trying to say is that even if all those things
weren't the perfect transfection would still put your immune system in a situation where it needs
to make a choice it shouldn't have to make because it's designed to defend these barriers
in a coordinated fashion and if you try to augment it by bypassing those barriers
you have also taken the whole orchestration of the immune response out of the equation
and forced it to make novel choices essentially and i can't stress enough how it doesn't matter how
how often this doesn't occur we'll never know because autoimmunity many times will not show up
for years the symptoms might not be something that you're ever going to connect you will never
connect it to this it's horrible but i think that's one of the reasons why they're so focused on
the cardio of the cardio the cardiac effects is to try and distract from this what i am sure is
a ridiculously disturbing bouquet of possibilities that again gets horribly randomized
in every single person because it is essentially a crap shoe where it goes
if it goes to your bone marrow when would you know if it goes to your kids bone marrow when would
you know if it goes to your kids spleen how would you know if it goes to your kids brain
how would you know what would it show up like i mean these are these are endless questions
with endless possibilities that compound one another and that's in the best case scenario of a
transfection now add on the fact that the lmp might be might be poisonous or add on the fact
that there's dna in there don't start with that add that on top of the fact that in the best case
scenario this wasn't suitable for anything in a healthy human they were only using it on people
who were going to die that had a genetic disease that was going to kill them anyway
or was so ridiculously debilitating that well you got nothing to lose it's never worked
so we need to really really start to have ways of opening our family and friends eyes i think a
little simple drawing of the immune system is one way to do it a little simple explanation of
why the immune system is and shouldn't be making this choice because it's used to making this
choice at a barrier and in a cell type that is regularly patrolled for cancer i mean that's the
reason why you shed your skin cells as part of your defense system and so if you're defending on a
barrier that has that attribute and then you find antigens floating around behind that barrier
what do you do how do you organize your response where's the cytokine uh where's the cytokine
concentration gradient to orchestrate the cells moving from from the lymph node to the in fact there
is none and this all missing means that no matter what you say this does it is not usefully augmenting
the immune system for most in most scenarios i'm saying most because i want to hedge my bets but
if i mean if i'm i'm speaking to friends here and and and everybody that i love then for sure i say
that i think that they're completely wrong i think this picture right here should be the sales pitch
of why intramuscular injection is really great for them but it's not really great for us
um i think i could leave it there i already talked too long and then uh you can open up
with questions i guess hope that was all right wonderful wonderful wonderful so if you stop
sharing your screen uh so you probably have you think go back to gallery everybody
top right corner click on view and choose gallery jjj thank you for sharing those thoughts as you
were talking about intramuscular injections i keep hearing judy mike of it's a passionate
exhortation to us don't inject anything in your bodies as she's told us on numerous occasions
no more injections and and certainly as you have all heard me say it was 12 years ago that i got
exposed to this whole game that was going on and the problem is that people aged over 40
have grown up in an environment that is totally different now so that in australia in the first
four years you need 43 you need 43 substances pumped into your body in the first four years of
life in america jj's it's 72 in the first eight years oh sorry first 18 years this is the shit
that's being pumping to everybody and that's why in my introductory statement i said many of us
were supportive of vaccines and now many of us are passionate anti-vaxxers and your explanation
has really reinforced you know my my thinking on this developed over 12 years my five my four
children got minimal i got four vaccines in the first five years and as we all know
no proper trials have been done on pumping in australia or else we're 43 bloody antigens into
beautiful babies which by the way of course and i'll come back to the spiritual elements of
this god jj's clearly incompetent that's the point you know this immune system that god
designed is clearly incompetent so that's why we need all these injections right now that was
just really i was just giving steven a moment but i really you articulated beautifully in this
whole the the benefit of covid is going to be all of us understanding why on earth are we
injecting stuff into babies steven and jim thought gave his don't you wouldn't have seen it jj but
two weeks ago uh jim jim gave his confession here jj where he said where he said there was
some 12 years ago jim that you said hey maybe injecting these babies is not a great idea so
that was also that was also very instructive for us to see a man of jim's reputation and
capability steven so jj um uh so i'm not going to give you hero status but i am going to say that
you are exactly the kind of person we want on our side one because you're humble and you have
a track record of changing your mind previously at least once when you were pretty sure that you
were right the first time but you were honest with us and told us that you actually started
all over again having actually thought that you'd save the world as you put it i think
um so i wanted to ask you jj i agree with you that i don't think people can comprehend the um
the multiplicity of lies that have been told and false leads and uh just extraordinary the whole
thing the run pool thing i i wanted to ask you about that whether you think that run pool knows
that that conversation he was having with fauci was leading people astray and would uh would
actually do the big farmer and all the rest of them they've worked for them in promoting the
possibility which you and i deny that these uh deadly viral pandemics are a threat to us
in the future forever more it's just ridiculous the whole thing um i agree with you jj and uh so
on what you said i think you said on one of the calls i i think you've been on more than twice
actually um but you said uh that you didn't think you didn't think it was possible
for them to do what they were threatening to i.e you know the lab uh the creation of a lab virus
and you also didn't think it was possible for a virus to be transmitted uh for from a
uh an animal to a human um and uh i think you said that uh so that got me thinking that maybe
actually they were just uh trying to create a narrative which they could use to fear
manga people forever more and that's exactly what they've done in my opinion but i think it was
the way you were thinking the way i was thinking that they both collided and then
i would really like to uh just before you go out any further like address that because it's
important there's there are details there that are really important um first of all i i think
that it's very likely that RNA exosomes of some kind or another can cause illness when you're
exposed to them from either people conspecifics or from uh from animals and i don't think it's very
often i don't think it's very contagious because of the nature of RNA but i'm not willing to dismiss
respiratory disease as being possibly caused by RNA because we have
uh a a panoply of data that shows that we have so many control mechanisms designed to respond
to these signals and make sure that that they're mopped up we have you know just the idea that
what i'm afraid of is that we are being led down a path where where the false information
you know like there is no viruses there are no measles there's no whatever these kinds of things
are we're getting very close to saying that when in reality we have to acknowledge first and foremost
i think if you want to accept the biology that i'm pushing then you have to accept that in 2002
somebody released an infectious clone and whatever the quantity of it was it was able to go from
China to several other countries that infect about 10 000 people it killed 700 and when they
sequenced it it changed about 50 amino acids between each sequence that they were able to
to generate so compared to this virus which in the first six months changed less than 10 amino
acids so something very different happened here but my argument would be that you could release a
quantity of infectious clone equal to that which was released in 2002 and infect about 10 000 people
and get limited spread which could kill as many as 800 and now if you did that in multiple places
with the same clone then you would get multiple people multiple chains of limited spread until
the fidelity of the infectious clone diluted enough so that it was gone would that be three
people two people one person half a person meaning sometimes it wouldn't sometimes it wouldn't i don't
but i know that if you did it with the biology that's described in all those books and described
in all the papers about coronavirus you wouldn't get 10 000 people infected it's not the way it works
when there's an outbreak of a human coronavirus they're able to track it through 30 people
or through 10 children or two daycare centers but it's not like you can track it through a whole
country like the Netherlands even when they have the kind of social monitoring and and system that
they do they have never been able to do such a thing even though they've tried so to me that's
the trick is to understand that there definitely is there are signals at this size scale that include
DNA and RNA some of them may be infectious some of them may aggravate your immune system and cause
a whole suite of respiratory disease some of them may even have a characteristic
protein complement like measles or polio but but the way that they transmit and how they transmit
and how fast they can go around the world has been grossly exaggerated in order to get you to be
confused about the potential that's in nature versus the potential that would be in a pure bottle
of this size that could never exist in nature just like trying to get you confused and think
that the uranium that's found in all the soil outside of my house is the same danger as the
purified uranium in a bottle of this size and that's really the trick this RNA can't do what
they said it does out there but it can definitely do it if they make appear a quantity of it and
spray it around and that I don't know how far it would transmit I don't know how many people would
get sick from it I don't know if I had it would I cough something out it would make my family sick
maybe I don't know but it's real because they can make it and they can make it in large quantities
and that's detectable that's PCR positive that's sequinsable and it's culturable
which is all the things they would need it to be if they wanted to convince the virologists in Iran
in Wuhan in China in the UK and in America independently while something is spreading
and it's the same sequence as they reported that's how you would do it you would do it with a call
so JJ can you explain given that a deadly virus kills its host and the words deadly viral pandemic
but deadly and pandemic cannot coexist in the same sentence in my view
and endless deadly viral pandemics is what they're offering us now and we're all at risk from these
endless deadly viral pandemics deadly if you believe in viruses then deadly viruses kill their host
and they can't by definition obviously create a pandemic and oh people say well what if they
cause serious disease same thing so it's on a kind of interplay in my mind
yeah I agree I just think that sometimes transmissibility people can't get their heads
around this can you think of a simple explanation yeah I mean I'm trying to to get there in the
sense of you know once you start playing the discussion of viral dynamics you're actually not
really fighting them anymore and I think that's where the no virus crew has their their game down
to a science because essentially we should be allies with them they should be allies with us and
they should love this clone theory because this clone idea is an idea which explains why virology
might be grossly overstated and why a lot of this this science that they hate and say is fake is
probably very much exaggerated or misinterpreted and that's fantastic for them but instead
as soon as I proposed that maybe this was all done with infectious clones I became a virus guy
and I had to but there are no viruses and I had to argue whether there were viruses or not and
I said I don't want to argue about viruses when there are clones
JJ I think the no virus people by the very fact that they talk about nothing else and do not want
to talk about anything else other than that there's no virus they don't want to talk about the
Russia war they don't want to talk about right okay but I guess what I'm saying is though Stephen
is that the the the magical power that they have is that we haven't been good enough at stopping
playing the virus game so when you are talking about a virus is killing its its hosts so that it
can't pandemic or that you say that it's too transmissible and therefore it can't kill everybody
these are all scenarios of viral spread absolutely yeah but I did preface it by saying that if one
believes in viruses which I'm not sure I do yeah I don't think but I think you can believe in viruses
and just not believe that they have the fidelity that you can there can be viruses they could be
exosomes that are produced by every animal all the time for all we know and sometimes when we
when we meet someone who's producing exosomes that are annoying to our immune system then we
produce respiratory symptoms which expel those exosomes and maybe they also come from animals
and occasionally those are especially irritating but the idea that that could create a phenomenon
like a domino train is the part that they've exaggerated that's all that's all we need for
that most of that viral virology to be kind of real but then the pandemic to be a lie
so JJ so the porosity with which they argue about no viruses to the exclusion of all else no they
don't want to so so they may well be right I I have conceded that many times to these people
but they don't want to talk about anything else and so that seems very strange you know it's not
in our interest because it's like a cult and there's no other way to describe it it is a cult
I agree but I just want to be sure that that that everybody you know you guys are all pretty
serious and so at this stage you know it's you got to be pretty nuanced in order to to
absolutely to associate how how right they are about a lot of things and yes but having said that
even if you are not sure about whether they're right or wrong and we haven't got time to actually
prove it beyond reasonable doubt at the moment or even peer review it but we do suspect that then
you know the whole virus thing should it might have been pushed at the expense of brilliant
human immune system which is the science of immunologist and interestingly JJ I can't remember
what I've told you this but someone who's intimately involved in the HIV nonsense in London told me
about three months ago that the the immunologists the beginning of their decline was in the 80s
which is of course coincides with the rise of virology so you wonder whether that was intentional
they took away the the influence and power of immunologists who when I was at medical school
the kings of medicine and they they increased the power of an influence of virologists and that
was a construct in my view for what happened in 2020 what do you think I mean again I'm I'm not
I like Michael Eden's response I'm not I'm not interested in viruses enough to to try to disprove
them I'm just interested in saying that the biology that I understand with regard to RNA
does not facilitate the kind of picture that we are being painted and and I don't know we need
to go any farther than that because it absolutely it's it's really kind of that simple but
yeah but the point is for the purposes of what happened in the last three and a half years
do you think there was a pandemic was there I mean does the data say that there was pandemic I
believe that it doesn't but also Jessica Naka's data says there was no pandemic Dennis says
there's no pandemic but there were incidences of simultaneous symptoms there were incidences
of simultaneous change of behavior in hospitals and change of behavior in ambulances which could have
probably did I'm pretty sure accounts for the vast majority of the damage that it was done and
now whether or not that was triggered with a few cases that were seeded with a clone so that the
sequence would be the same I think it's almost certain but I don't think you need to think of
it as thousands of people I think everyone needs to try and exercise their the simulation in their
head of what would happen if you just told everybody that there was a dangerous novel pathogen that
could kill anyone that needed to be avoided and that we didn't have any treatments for it but it
was killing people and people were dropping in the street in China and you told them that there's
money there's tests and there's protection from malpractice as long as you follow this protocol
and put a protocol out there how many doctors would go against the protocol how many doctors
would go against the tv and facebook how many of the doctors would go against the nightly news
briefings about the pandemic none of them would have protocols that's another thing doctors should
not have protocols and guidelines okay but that's something that's certainly not protocols that's
something that that we have become awakened to now but the reason why the the protocol this
sorry the pandemic was able to unfold was because hospitals and their financial structure and
managerial structure in America and other places permitted this kind of top-down direction of
doctors they could form because they had to there was evil intent always to take take
but everybody was afraid and confused and and terrified and so at some point we've got to forgive
these people and let them wake up you know i mean and not everyone can be expected to reject
the things on television or because it is an illusion of consensus just like the the clapping
audience you you can't expect most people to be immune to that level of pressure and it's not like
an ash conformity experiment where the the wrong answer is obvious this is a very sophisticated
ash conformity experiment where people on tv and people on social media and influencers are all
weirdly saying the same stuff and so how in the world are people supposed to wake up it didn't
fool me so how did it fool and it's just we just we just maybe we were in the right place at the
right time maybe we're lucky maybe whatever but you know there's one thing that all doctors in the
world should have known about and that was informed consent which is part of the nuremberg code as
you know they should have known about that and they didn't and even when i mentioned that
in december 2020 they didn't want to talk about it because they knew that was a killer argument
and they didn't want to talk about nuremberg so what they did they took the they took power away
from the autonomous individual doctor driven by medical ethics in the name of his or her patients
and that was evil and the doctors should have understood about ethics if they didn't understand
about anything else anyway so that's anyway that's very steven that's 20 minutes i quickly that goes
great conversation okay everybody um thank you steven thank you jj we got hands up so
so one of the things that i think is is at the start i said the science is never settled jj
as steven has commented on your willingness to change your minds you know it's very interesting
the opinions that we hold and seeing some of the comments in the chat i don't follow it very
carefully because i'm paying attention to what jj says but you know i i repeat the chinese
i'm told it was a chinese saying that says to be uncertain can be uncomfortable
to be certain is ridiculous and in the issues that we're dealing with people who are certain
about their opinions being right um i think is ridiculous absolutely and i'd say so many times
this certainty that people i'm certain that's the answer and then a few weeks down the track
it's changed so i just make that observation in this group hey it's great to share ideas here
but you don't have to fight to the death for your ideas so that's the that's the that's the
thought i wanted to say let's go amy amy then jim then rose and then jim uh two jims
hello um i just wanted to ask i haven't seen um all of jj's lectures and this might have been
covered before so if this is old territory never mind but as far as this model for some sort of
exposure to new or the you know the clone of the original mrna through some sort of distribution
mechanism other than viral transmission um does this have any effect on what you think should
happen as far as with the injections some sort of shedding or contamination to non vaccinated
people who are exposed to the people who were subjected to the vaccination the mrna vaccination
um it's a good question it's something that i tend not to broach very much because
it's i don't have enough expertise really to to speak extremely specific about it but
number one it depends on the success of the transfection so how much rna reaches a cell
and then how much of that rna gets faithfully trans translated into a functional protein and
then how much of that could go into circulation or get extruded um i think will all depend on what
tissues are transfected and so it's probably different in every person um but there is potential
for excess a protein to be excreted and sweat um it's possible that it could be also in saliva
and any other fluids because number one the makers of these shots warned in their own paperwork
that people who are transfected shouldn't be having sex with with other people who aren't
be presumably because there could be exposure to the protein um i guess it wouldn't be because the
rna could be could be transmitted from person to person but i i assume they're assuming that
the protein could um i think you can also go from from anecdotal um experiences in your own life
if if you ate enough garlic would it come out in your sweat i think the answer is definitely yes
and i think um that goes pretty much for a lot of a lot of things that we eat and a lot of things
that we expose ourselves to so there's really no reason to believe that if you had excess
of this spike protein in your body was more or less tolerating and at some point it would come
out in your sweat um i don't know if that would happen on the first shot um but as your body builds
tolerance to this spike protein it's very possible that later shots could produce an excess amount
of protein that then gets secreted but i honestly i don't know i could be completely wrong and it's
the first shot that has the most but the idea that it wouldn't happen again is a certainty that i'm
not definitely not willing to state i definitely think it's possible
okay thank you so much yep thank you thank you thank you thank you amie and i think
amie you raised a good point the fact that it's you know jj might have spoken about something in
the past and he weren't here on a previous call doesn't matter because we have such a shifting
population and the people watching this recording will have a question so all questions are
wonderfully provocative jim
hey thanks jj great talk number one are you aware of cocsiella bernetti and its similarities to the
symptoms of covid it can be sprayed over miles janet woodcock when asked about it refused to
comment about it it is an intelligence weapon i have heard of it before and um i have and it
it you know it's one of these more complicated scenarios that i think will only be discovered
in an investigation um but i do think that there's been a number of potential explanations that
include a toxin for the the bump in in symptoms uh you know clones for whatever little experiment
are needed to fool molecular biologists and then the rest was just madness um and so i i don't mind
that explanation um it would be interesting if that explanation uh would naturally offer some
kind of alternative biological prediction like what would be there in evidence of that
instead um but if it's as simple as people getting secondary pneumonia and it being bacterial then
you know but that's treatment that's what happened
treatment for cocsiella is hydroxychloroquine icy induction well then you know if i did hear
i will without any double blind placebo controlled studies he did it by deduction yeah well it is
done again there's there's there's lots of anecdotal evidence there for that being a possibility and
if you if you i mean one of the best examples of why i think that this is plausible and one of the
reasons why this clicks with me is that i feel and sense that they want you to feel like i vermectin
is the drug that was suppressed but in actuality the drug that was suppressed first and much much
harder was hydroxychloroquine and um i think that is a part of this narrative that i haven't been
able to get enough handhold yet on how to teach it but this might be one of the reasons why
that's the right answer is that hydroxychloroquine is actually a treatment for a for a wide variety
of these respiratory diseases and it was actually as you're probably aware also um a in vitro confirmed
preventing uh sars infection as well in 2005 so there was very good reason for that to be on a
shortlist of substances and it was the first one that was censored and i still have the clip
somewhere but in 2020 in february already abc news reported that the united states government put
20 000 hydroxychloroquine pills in their in the in storage or whatever and their in their strategic
stockpile and donald trump ramped up the production of hydroxychloroquine in florida until
a a plant in taiwan that made the precursor i think or maybe i'm just getting the two confused
but a plant in taiwan that also made hydroxychloroquine or a required precursor of it burnt down
um so there was like a number of things that all it's much worse with hydroxychloroquine in terms
of how hard they tried to go against it um then ivermectin and there's been books there are books
about ivermectin but there's no books about hydroxychloroquine and that's a big sign
i can talk you offline about that one more question about jason mcclellan
who invented the sars covid 2 spike protein that is allegedly made by the mrna when injected
jason mcclellan out of the university of texas austin put in the six proline restraints
he developed it on a supercomputer called long horn
hmm the spike protein looks like it's generated by computer
um what do you what are your thoughts on well um my thoughts on that are that if the
if the pandemic was meant to be orchestrated then there was a very specific problem that they had
to solve and that was how are they going to guarantee that the mrna that they use will be
effective and can be sold as being effective and so if the way that they solve that problem is by
designing a coronavirus spike protein that had immunogenic properties and then lied about that
sequence being found either by planting it uh probably by planting it with clone
then you get this okay so we plant our our we make our RNA uh infectious clone release it in
wuhan and iran they sequence it and report the sequence and lo and behold it's a sequence that
we know will work to generate antibodies after multiple shots and so we'll just pretend well
we'll just choose the spike protein lucky for us it works and then later on say that maybe it
worked too well or that it was toxic or something like that and then the narrative is useful on both
sides of the coin um and again i don't have i don't have molecular evidence for that but i
don't think it's implausible at all to think that if this was an orchestrated operation then the idea
would be to guarantee that they would have a a a shoe in working countermeasure that they wouldn't
have to roll the dice on that would for sure work um and when they rolled it out they could point
to the antibodies when they did the trials they knew it would work the way to do that would have a
protein that already they already knew worked in the sequence that was found but that's getting
pretty good yeah and and this is the plot of rainbow six it's known as quote the project
and uh a quote virus is released at an olympic games spreads around the world in a in a soon
after the games is over the vaccine is more deadly than the virus engineered by radical
environmentalists to depopulate the earth in the name of climate change that's the plot of rainbow
six competency yeah it's it's i'm aware it's um you know they're the the new planet of the apes is
also a viral movie where they talk about antibodies neutralizing a virus six times in the first movie
and then the second movie starts out with the virus spreading around the world with red dots and
airplanes and uh and uh all the people being wiped out and so and they even call it a zoonotic virus
and stuff it's it's there's no doubt that that the mythology of a pandemic is meant to be
the new governing structure and the the the the temptation of course is to try and figure out
exactly how they did this um but i think our task still really remains trying to bring more people
on the side of understanding that we were lied to and let's fight about what the lies were later
because right now we're we're really you know preaching to the choir all the time here we're not
i don't need to convert you and you don't need to convert me and so we have to i feel like my job
now is to come up with a message that converts new people without getting them to accept that all
governments are bad at the first moment that they that they open their mind to this obviously that's
where we want them to go but um there's so many people that are so sucked into this right now
and so convinced that that consensus is real um and so it's going to take a lot of work to save
them and and i don't know how we're going to do it but um i think the first thing and the first thing
to start with is that they were lying and they've been planning this lie for a very very long time
and i think the book that you cite along with all the other books that are out there the movies the
x-files episodes the tv shows the cartoons that have all laid this narrative out they're all part
of it and it's not it's i've said this in another interview today they're playing for all the marbles
and their time frame isn't five years from now their time frame is 50 years at 100 years from now
and it has been that time frame for several generations i mean if you want to think about it
like i think about it i think you should think that the united states government or sorry the
united states populace was fooled into believing that they rebelled against the crown and won
their freedom when in reality most of the united states government and it's inner working stayed
loyal and we are still under their control and in fact this is the culmination of a plan to grind
us into the ground for breaking away from them in the first place and that's where the intelligence
agencies come in that's where this this whole plan is not a government it's bigger than that
because the idea is to grind america into the dirt because we're the last the last legislature
of sort of bastion of freedom possible anymore the other ones are all gone already so this is the
one they have to smash but that was on keep in mind on topic and keep in mind if the intelligence
agencies invented it they know the antidote well i still am tempted by the idea that there's
no antidote necessary they just have to make you convinced that there's needed one
um then i know that that's not always true but that's my yep excellent rainbow six everybody
we had it mentioned a few times before excellent reminder and uh jj in answer to that question of
how are we going to influence in my view there's going to be a match that sets off the bushfire
of united resistance of eight thousand million against one million and it will be something like
a judge and peter huga mentions it it'll be something like a judge a highly placed judge in
a court whose child has died from myocarditis pericarditis or a top business man who comes out
and says i have been telling lies and that one match is what could be it jj and let's keep our
eyes peeled because because the judges have been corrupted and some some of them will awaken
eventually and steven's comments about nuremberg we don't know what the match will be
but i'm very comfortable that there will be a match i'm also comfortable that it might be in
two three years time so we don't stop as you've taught on us at the start so jj i remind everybody
that you also said global problems are bullshit i love that idea that global problems are bullshit
that's nick hudson all credit to nick hudson when they say global problems need global solutions
you know it's global bs beautiful rose jj first off i love your breakdown of the science with clones
that was very helpful to me so i want to give a twist to the comment that you made regarding
that they're giving people to go down the wrong avenue when you were talking about oh gain a function
versus natural yada yada yada so i want to do a twist on that exact same thing regarding the actual
science i've been in health care for 40 years and as a health care consultant have been fighting
behind the curtain with the unnecessary dust massive fraud doing the health analytics for 20
years i've been alone voice crying out going guys you know title five of the aca we've got
dummy down clinicians they can pass boards they don't know what they're doing we've got unnecessary
deaths going on with hospital acquired infections conditions medical errors in 2016 i was invited
to the who's who of health care in the united states where they declared open fraud on the stage
and the room applauded and they openly said about how they're hiring convicts at john's hopkins
because they want to do social experiments so my point being is that all of health care
has been corrupted now for a very long time and i think you know the average person can't absorb
the science they can't they're so bombarded with the political narratives that i think that
in of itself is the distraction from the overall problem that all of health care has been corrupted
and the staff has been dummy down and we haven't had informed consent across the board for a very
long time so i'd like to throw that out to the group of is the science being a distraction because
when we're trying to get to a billion people that can't handle the talk if we can kind of get back
to the root issues of health care itself so that it's more palatable for the people to get on board
with all of the issues so i just want to kind of throw that out to the group because i love the
way that you were saying how we're being distracted and pulled and right now it's a bombarding of
information and then on the on the virus talk i break it down to the average person of it's
spiked protein it's a protein let's talk about spiked protein and not about viruses
so i wanted to get your thoughts on that jj
sorry i muted myself um yeah so i don't know how i would comment on that i mean it's a
it's a it's a system-wide phenomenon one of the worst and biggest failures that i see in the
pandemic is the absolute abject failure of every academic biologist who isn't aware that this is
a fraud already and there are millions of them people at the university of pittsburgh that in my
neurobiology uh department was more than a hundred faculty members and none of them have
ever called me to say wow you were right or holy man i'm sorry that happened to you or anything
like that they've all injected their kids and shown it on on on instagram and on facebook
so these are these are academics who purport to be biologists who have just given up on the
on their responsibility to understand what's really going on and have decided that they're
just going to even though they know in their heart that something isn't right they're just gonna
go on with their lives and go on with their grant applications and go on with their courses
and go on with their supervision and and go on with the daycare and and they're not going to
question the big picture around them because they're too busy they've got too much to do they're
up for 10 year next year their husband lost their job so we're not sure if they're going to move
and you know their kids are going to go to high school they're not sure what school they're
going to go to and so all of us as she says as rose said have been driven to the point where
paying attention to this unless you're someone like me who's just mentally ill and can't not pay
attention to it you are forced to deal with the inflation and the the impact on your life and on
your kids and what's going on you can't pay attention to this public health thing that's still rolling
forward rolling forward like a massive um sort of unstoppable juggernaut where all these people
are planning for the next thing and the next move and no one no one no one no one in our bureaucracies
seems to be willing to look back and say wow we really we really screwed that up and the reason
why is because they're all in on this change that is coming and so the the scary part is I guess that
that it's going to take something much more than just awareness like really a lot of people are
going to have to decide to get up and do something and and so there's a lot of momentum we still
need to generate so it's tricky because it is hard to start getting people to think like this
because it's it's harder to think like this than it is to you know just just watch Netflix and
and worry about you know everyday things which is really what everybody should
should be having the the freedom and privilege to do but yeah and I guess what I'm saying is that
in the overall picture of what I've been battling for almost 20 years now
covid is actually a small element it's it's so much bigger and and I guess to your point I have
come across that with my hc aware presentations I get wide eyed open jawed stuns silence when they
actually understand the big picture of the brokenness that covid is such a small piece of it
yeah it's unfortunate that I think it's even as you're probably hinting at it's much worse than
this in the sense of you know if we're if we're really honest and talk about everything that's on
the table the financial system of America is is is overextended by that's saying it mildly and
they have seen this coming for some time and one of the biggest signals that something is very wrong
was something that I already said before I moved to Europe in 2002 which is how in the
hell is it possible that somebody like Nancy Pelosi or somebody like Mitch McConnell is still
in government it's just not possible unless it's corrupt and I was saying that 20 years ago and
guess who are still in office now and that should be that should be terrifying to us that there isn't
someone in Kentucky between the ages of 50 and 60 or between 40 and 60 with a successful track
record of keeping their arms straight and having principles when they're needed that could serve
as a better senator than that guy but our system is is very very far gone I guess where I'm going
with the health care is is like again I love our talks around the science but to try to get to
more and more average people the science is just too overwhelming and so how can we get them to
understand there's a lack of informed consent for everything the nurses and doctors now in the
hospitals aren't trained they don't know what yeah I see I see that I see that that's tough though I
get that I do understand that point but that's why I'm for example trying to give a very you know
cartoonish representation of the immune system which gets closer to the mark because I think
that we've got to be very careful and not fall into the trap of this is too complicated to
explain to people because I don't think it is that's the whole trap that you know the
technocracy wants you to buy into is that I'm not an expert in that and therefore I have to defer
to the experts who are and that's the excuse that everybody in in in academia uses because
I work on hippocampal neurons and I work on long-term potentiation in in CA1 and so since I'm only an
expert on the hippocampus in mice then what would I know about the immune system and its response
to a coronavirus and this you're giving up your your it's not it is a responsibility you know I'm
not a weatherman so I don't know if I should I'll just lose into the TV and decide what to wear
because I'm not a weatherman I can't tell whether I should bring a jacket or not it's the same kind
of attitude but now to your children's future your children's gender and your immune system's
augmentation at the whim of a corporation or a government or a or a global entity and that's
that's it's an incredible place for us to have gone in the last three years I'm sorry I got off
topic there no that's good thank you thank you Rose now before we go to Jim JJ I'm going to say to
you that you've been on this call now and I'm interested in health your health I say to you that
if you haven't had to go to the toilet yet in two hours you're not drinking enough water
I can agree with that um the bottle is still very full though so I'll keep drinking
keep drinking keep drinking and everybody drink lots of water and not fluoridated water
so JJ we've got half an hour to go we've got two four hands up and then Stephen's closing questions
we're finishing on the two and a half hour mark so if you need to go to the toilet go now
give the last half hour up to you you okay no I'm okay I'm playing right okay dr Jim here you are
giving me some health now here you are Jim over to you
JJ it's such an honor and privilege to listen to you and you're really I'm extraordinarily impressed
with your presentation if you know I'm 44 plus years out of medical school and I was taught
nothing in medical school about vaccines and if if I had my dr others if I had the power
of putting a medical school curricula for every medical school in the United States of America
you would be a mandatory lecture once a week for the first two years of every medical student
in this country amen and to my question is um you're this positive of your simplistic diagram
I've never seen anything like that it's it's and I've I've been interested in the immune system for
for 44 years it's brilliant it's it's it's and it's physiologic and it's it's it's spot on I'm
very very impressed with that I love it thank you very much I mean it's uh it was I can tell you
the honest truth it was um something that I I was on my motorcycle and I knew at once that I had it
I saw the whole picture um and I knew that I had to teach it that way and that was the first day
that I actually put that slide up that said intramuscular injection might be dumb it's beautiful thank
you I want to just go to one question and I'll let you maybe maybe two questions is I'm very very
interested and you may I don't want to put you on the spot but the highlight of those you know the
prominent um leaders that you had in the beginning of your presentation somewhere in a grain somewhere
in a yellow and somewhere in a red frame and I'm just wondering if you might you may may not be
willing to um to amplify on that like why were some of the folks in red from your perspective why
were some of those in yellow and um and and and then the and I'll let you go on with that and
I'll shut up thank you um I I would I can go back and just kind of say a little bit um and I just
want to want to emphasize that the the reason why I would go back is because um I just want to make
sure that you understand that it's it's uh it's it's my own personal experience that I'm trying to
share and and the reason why that's important is because I was entangled with many of these people
from the very beginning because I got involved in this group drastic on twitter which ended up
being central to the narrative of the lab leak and who figured it out and whatever and reported
on Tucker Carlson and Vanity Fair now don't get me wrong drastic was reported but it was attributed
to people that weren't in drastic as would you would typically expect but more importantly drastic
was a group of people most of whom were anonymous and the person who formed the group is still
anonymous and so at some point I became skeptical of that group but in that first year I was
contacted by many many many different people in various phone calls emails and these people
turned out to be influential people later on or or continued to play certain roles later on and so
one of the people that I have up here for example is Brett Weinstein and he's in yellow but in
reality I would say that he actually should be in red because Brett Weinstein is someone who
without a doubt um I taught most of the biology that I just presented here I taught to him in 2021
in a signal chat that he personally invited me to join and in that signal chat instead of saying
wow that's really great I can't believe how much you've taught me he said at some point that he
didn't understand what I was talking about and he didn't think a zoom discussion with me would
help him to help him understand it and so I stopped communicating with him now in this same signal
chat I was in that signal chat in 2021 with Brett when he interviewed Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in his
house now if you're not aware that was November of 2021 but Brett didn't release that video
until February of 2023 and now you can't imagine can you imagine having Robert F. Kennedy Jr. come
to your house and record a three-hour podcast and then you're just casually not releasing it for 14
months now there's also Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone on here and the reason why they're on here
in yellow is because they came out on Brett Weinstein's podcast that's the first place that
they came public when they came out publicly the three of them stated that they were demonstrating
a combination of strategies that would allow strangers to hang out with each other Robert Malone
was vaccinated and also infected he had hybrid immunity Brett Weinstein had never been infected
but was using ivermectin prophylactically and Steve Kirsch had been vaccinated twice
and so they started their podcast in the first 10 minutes by laying down a narrative that there
was a novel virus for which these countermeasures are effective and that maybe it's a lab leak and
it'll come again now I can keep going on and on and on but all of these people have essentially
played some pretty critical like Nurse Aaron down here for example on the bottom is a person
who who admits to being in the army admits to being in the psychological operations group
in the army and started an anti-vax group two of them in 2018 and 19 in Florida before the start
of the pandemic when she moved up to New York and was in present in this Elmer's hospital to make
all these videos and show that they were mixing COVID patients with regular patients and and that
it was spreading and that it was all this people getting hurt and then she wrote a book and did a
tour you can you can go on and on Kevin McCurnan is a guy who who's as best as I can tell has made
hundreds of millions of dollars if tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars selling companies
that have all to do with his years and years of experience in the human genome project where he
dropped his PhD and immediately went to work for the government in the 90s whenever that project
started he's got like really young pictures of him and Francis Collins walking around the original
lab or the original sequencing was done in the original human genome project that was featured on
time this guy has a as a 7,000 square foot house on the ocean in Boston and yet he spends or used
to spend an inordinate amount of time on Twitter tweeting against me telling me that infectious
clones were a mythology that I didn't understand and that they were the same as regular coronavirus
isn't that Jay was dumb a guy who has no business even having a Twitter account never mind paying
attention to a guy like me with 3,000 followers on twitch so the behavior of these people has been
so extraordinary nine days nine days after I was on Robert F Kennedy jr's podcast with Robert Malone
I met Robert Malone in person and he jerked his hand away and said that I've never met you I don't
know who you are and I've never introduced you to Robert F Kennedy jr however Bobby told me
that it was Robert Malone who sat him down to watch my stream and that's the reason why he hired me
so I guess according to Robert Malone Bobby Kennedy is lying to me it's possible but Robert
Malone's the one who pulled his hand away and said I don't know who you are nine nine days after he
was on a podcast with Bobby and me so it's strange because the the behavior of all of these people
has been really extraordinary I mean give me another example here's a tonic this Mark Koolack
guy that's underneath the arrow right here is a guy who from the very beginning of the pandemic
was working with George Webb and George Webb I started to notice a pattern where George Webb was
taking Mark's work and kind of twisting it around making mistakes when he would report it and kind of
saying the opposite of what he should have said but then still giving Mark credit for being a great
journalist and I started after a while really seeing this pattern to the point where I was starting
to get a little frustrated with Mark because he wouldn't see it he was just like you know you gotta
use everybody and at least I get publicity from George but what I could see behind the scenes was
that his association with George was discrediting him among people who already considered George
Webb to be to be a Medler and so interestingly enough I'm going to keep expanding on this again
but you know all of these people are connected by actually talking about the worst case scenario
together on the internet and that's very extraordinary because no one should have been certain in 2020
about where this was going to go where it came from or who was in trouble no one but I
I think well I say jay stop jay jay because you've done it you've done a great explanation jay jay's
previous recording on our rumble channel go through beautifully how jay jay crafted that so when
if you've got more time worth going through because jay jay that's about an hour on that well worth
understanding but it's quite question so we've got to go we've got three more questions and sorry about
jay jay 20 minutes so james it's very important you understand that in the video that of jay jay
in his previous presentation at last presentation he went through about 50 people from memory connected
with and it and it is it's not a case of jay jay trying to cause trouble in because he keeps his
but he's just it's very interesting to listen to his observations and i think
would be incredibly interested james yeah agree very good um thank you thank you jim marvin marvin
john tom and then steven uh jay jay i'm going to ask you one of my most compelling factoids is
bill gates buying a million shares of moderna in september 2019 what what is one or two of your
most compelling lies about the last three years what an interesting question that's really great
so the first one that i really think is important is is the pcr as uh as a readily
manufacturable product so i'm not saying that pcr didn't work before the pandemic
i'm saying that making pcr into a commercial product as a diagnostic tool didn't really
exist before the pandemic and making it for a coronavirus was a lie there is no such thing
as a specific test for a specific coronavirus you can have a test that identifies a coronavirus
but that doesn't tell you that something new is spreading around that would be the first one
um the second one is definitely the prevailing narrative that we don't know if we can build
natural immunity to this virus the only reason to say that is if you thought that this was some kind
of some kind of toxin right or you knew that it was some kind of toxin that you didn't build
immunity to that every time you were exposed to it you were going to have symptoms that's a
toxin that's not a pathogen so that discussion was really rampant for the first five months and it
really i really had to argue with a lot of people about the the the actual biology that would support
that concept um and then i guess the last one is this idea that transfection can be immunization
because it's really not and when you when you break it down they are playing a semantic game because
again uh this is something that really is specific for people that worked in biology in the on the
bench in universities um Marvin let me tell you that at the University of Pittsburgh it would surprise
me if there are more than 10% of the active research faculty at the medical school that do not use
transfection in their laboratory meaning that almost every laboratory there that's working on
any animal model any human not any human any animal model of a disease any animal model
of a disorder any animal investigation into the function of any system in its body or its brain
is going to use transfection in order to modify that system meaning that they are going to generate
a synthetic RNA in a laboratory commercial laboratory they're going to have it packaged in
any number of of of transfection materials that include liposomes which are lipid nanoparticles
just with a different name and then they're going to get that a commercial product they're going to
bring it into their laboratory they're going to inject it in the place that they want the protein
to be expressed and they will transfect the animal in the place that they want to change the protein
expression they will observe the changes in the animals physiology or behavior then they will
sacrifice the animal and do whatever other histology is necessary to publish the data
and so every one and at every university it's the same it is a standard technique
for modulating modifying moving around pushing buttons inside of a real organism is transfection
and if you use RNA it's transfection if you use an adenovirus with DNA in it then it's called
transformation and these products have been available for upwards of 20 years they've just
become cheaper and cheaper and cheaper because it's cheaper to make this stuff and everybody
that works in academic biology should have immediately said that's not a vaccine that's a
transfection and the difference is again you know you can inject you can inject chemicals
you can inject chemicals in your in your body and that's vaccination but if you start
transfecting your cells then you're doing even more potentially bad things than vaccination
could ever do because vaccination is really just toxins and proteins the toxin is the adjuvants
the proteins are what and they hope that your immune system will pay attention to with transfection
it's completely different in transfection they are relying on your immune system to destroy your
own cells and it hopes that they won't make a mistake and the horrible part about it is Marvin
is that every academic biologist should have known that we don't use transfection with the idea
of augmenting an animal forever i'm going to give you the best example i've got from my work and
i'll be quiet we used to use an algal protein algae an algae protein that was a sodium channel
meaning that would allow sodium through if it was exposed to blue light what this means is is that
if you transfected neurons in the brain of a mouse with this protein and then put a light
through their skull whatever neurons were expressing the protein you could control you can turn them
on or turn them off now it's important to understand this modification is only temporary
and the brain and its immune system will clear those neurons out in time or those neurons will
die in time so when we get a remote control mouse that does a particular behavior when we turn the
blue light on that's a very simplified version of the experiment but it could work that way
that mouse is not now a blue light responsive mouse for the remainder of its life and then it
just goes on to to live merrily until it's dead if you transfect the brain of a mouse you have
a limited period of time before those neurons will die of toxicity or the immune system will
remove them and then that animal will never be the same again and your experiment will be
worthless because you can't go into the brain and find out who you change because they're gone
and so my point is is that this lie about transfection being a candidate for vaccination is the
really diabolical lie because it's investigational vaccine maybe it will work and that's that's
totally wrong we should have known that from the very beginning and every one of these damn
biologists that uses it on their bench in their animals should have known that that's the reason
why it's a limited a limited tool they should have known because they know for their animals
saw the hell couldn't they know for grandma that's the third lie hope that was a good answer beautiful
yeah well done thank you Marvin okay john Tolman then Steven let's go 10 minutes to go
I just have a couple of comments to make one is kudos to dr Thorpe you know I don't hardly ever hear
a doctor make a statement like that that you know there was a possibility I just want to
congratulate dr Thorpe for coming out and saying what he did because you know it's hard to admit
that there may be a possibility you've been miseducated or under educated and I guess it's
you know what you do with that knowledge now right I wanted to say something that
that I think speaks to an earlier point JJ made about us I guess getting caught up in jargon
and language you have to be very careful about this you know it's kind of I pick on Jim a lot
because he's caught up in the medical literature that got me all misdirected so many times I just
don't really trust it anymore but I think it's an important analogy that to make about you know
you think about things like chat GPT right these large language learning modules how do they
really operate you know they they reduce language to a mathematical sort of algorithm that just
puts things together based on how many times it's seen something put together and just that way it
answers questions this way it can't really answer a question it could just kind of produce
a silly answer with this mathematical model of probability right so what they fooled us into
doing I think by making everybody an expert releasing all this medical jargon into the public and
letting everybody use it without you know really understanding the definitions of the language
that they're using it is a gigantic human version of chat GPT and I think when you look at it that
way and you listen to some people speak you can almost hear this this computer putting together
an answer for you I mean would you agree JJ that that's kind of the way a lot of it hits me
yeah I mean I get the point you're trying to make and I think it's a valid one they
they it's kind of similar to the ash conformity argument in the sense of you know
if you don't get a joke you might as well laugh along and because you might get it later
and I think a lot of people have been challenged so much as as Rose said to understand this biology
that they kind of just go along with it because they don't understand it but they know what the
right response is and they can they can fake that so you know they can go along with it and
you know what an intelligent response sounds like but if it lacks intelligence they don't
have a way to discern correct you know my own study of this one of the reasons why I appreciate
your work so much JJ is because you know you have a way of aerodietly simplifying things
you know I got more out of your lectures than a year's worth of medical study I really did so
you know thanks for thanks for doing that and you know I have this other kind of opinion about
why PCR was deployed aside from some of the more obvious ones that we know I think it was deployed
as an effectiveness measure right to see how effective their clone deployment measures were
right they want to test everything the wastewater the people the animals the air the plant they
want to test everything but what is PCR you know PCR is a Xerox machine right and they're looking
for evidence that their genetic spam mail is actually taking hold somewhere I'm not in the camp that
is scared of any of that but I think that you know it's interesting I like that that's an
interesting idea I didn't think of it that way it's cool I like that that would definitely get
data from that that's actually really something I hadn't thought about that's interesting
I'm I'm not it doesn't really interface well though with the with the idea of overcycling and
the idea of a specificity but I do see your point yes do use yeah yeah I see it very good
yeah okay that's all right thank you thank you john and everybody check out john's links to his
website to further expansion of john look at just thinking tom hey jj yeah you're you seem to be on
a roll I think I've watched about four twitches I think you've done maybe like all week in a row
that's it's great and I know you covered that neural implant video about you know how it'd be
so wonderful to have your brain monitor all the continuously but I'm going to put a bunch of
questions in the chat I'm sure we only get to one or two but you recently covered that makala
bombshell thing where he he basically said he didn't he wouldn't if you were a parent he would
not get any jabs and then you compared that to Malone um but on a more down-to-earth
issue I have this friend who's just constantly telling me so-and-so just got
covid so-and-so she's very social you know yummy yummy oh three people just got covid they're
using these grocery store tests and so I put a I guess it's called a covid wrap at
antigen tests I put the manual in the chat um so if you can comment on that and and maybe
you made some discussion about no spread in New York City or you can maybe touch on New York City
and then the last thing would be the um just informing people of your idea the swarm of variants
all evolving in parallel and that may be a way to debunk the idea that they're they keep deploying
these new clones as variants because that seems to be in the nose too thanks yeah you bet so um
when he's talking about the swarm um he's talking about a little bit of what I mentioned in my early
part of the discussion where I was saying that when RNA makes a copy of itself it's never perfect
and if you want to try and do an exercise in your head um to to follow along with this you have
to have a little stick and this is the stick that's going to get copied and so remember that the
enzyme that copies an RNA will copy it from one end to the other right and then it's got to go
and back to the other end and start again it doesn't go backwards and forwards and backwards and forwards
so think of the consequences of this in the cartoon of RNA replication this is the first RNA
the second RNA that gets produced when this one is copied has a minimum of three errors in it
because that's the nature of copying RNA the virus jumps off and now it's going to join
our replicate one of the two RNA by RNAs that are present because there's the first RNA
you just said the virus jumps off does that mean not the virus sorry the immune the the
enzyme so if if in the replication cycle you have the first RNA and it gets copied into a second RNA
but this second RNA has three errors in it minimum because of the narrownius nature of RNA dependent
RNA polymerase copy so depending on which of these two RNA gets amplified you might have another
RNA produced with three or four errors in it or you might have a copy of this one made that will
add additional three errors from the original sequence and now you'll produce one with six
and so as this goes on and on you can see that very quickly the original sequence gets lost in a
swarm of variants that have point mutation scattered throughout their genome and included in that
are places when the RNA polymerase just gets about halfway or third of the way and just stops
and so there are in almost an infinite supply of incomplete genomes partial genome sub
genomic RNAs and miscopied not miscopied but less than perfectly copied because that's the way it is
swarm copies of the original virus so what I need you and everyone to start imagining is
that if the if the background signal is a swarm of coronavirus is that makes everybody sick every
year spreads around most of the time and most of the time our immune system ignores it but little
kids get sick a lot and as we build tolerance to this whatever it is RNA signal in the background
we become less sick every year and eventually we don't have common colds anymore then the point
would be that if we started sequencing that background we would be sequencing the swarm
and you can find lectures from Vincent Rancid yellow and other very rachen yellow you can find
many lectures from virologists that discuss the swarm and how the sequence of a virus is actually
a consensus sequence based on an average of all those those individual genomes that are present
and aligned on a computer and decided what the average or consensus sequence is what that means
is that in that huge swarm of variants every single one of the variants that we're currently
tracking could have been there and they could have said okay now we're going to make it could
there be could there be some geographical localization sure absolutely absolutely and then they move
back and forth and whatever absolutely that that's all possible even in that dominant where one
variant is dominant all the other parts of the swarm are probably there but just in a smaller
and i really think that us taking their their we're taking their word for it that this particular
sequence is the new dominant variant when in reality understand that they could have sampled
this variation for five years before the start of the pandemic and had all the the phylogenetic
tree ready to go and then said okay we're gonna say we found this one then we're gonna say we
found this one then we're gonna say we found this one and for the most part the sequencing is based
on the 99 primer sets that are in the sequencing reaction that is distributed so if the control
of those 99 primer sets is under the control of the right people then as they want to find new
variants they just change that primer set and they'll find the new variant that they already know is
just waiting to be sequenced and that's what i mean by conflated background again okay any
test that's the only my second question i'll stop yeah that i'm gonna can i get back can i get
back to you on it because i can't see what kind it is and i'm not i don't want to make it i'll
say something really dumb accidentally but i'll definitely get back to thank you thank you you're
welcome all right john just your quick question before we go to the last bit yeah jj have you
looked into any of the ramblings of Harold Krause Bella can you say that name again
Harold Krause Bella you know i'll put it in the chat thank you um i don't want to waste a lot
of time on this this guy has you know an overarching cosmology that is a little bit distracting but
he is pretty brilliant and you know he explains a lot of things that i think are open questions
that we have but he engages with that biophotonics
line of thinking and pretty much ties together a tremendous number of variable they've got a
whole library of this guy talking but if you've never heard of them just maybe watch that one
it's a little long but see what jumps out at you at that maybe the next time you know you talk to
us you might be able to expound a little bit on that see what there is useful okay i'll check
it out i'm a little nervous but i'll definitely check it out okay okay thanks john now before we
go to you steven jj i have one thing i want to bring to i want to raise and that's this book
slow death by rubber duck oh nice what's that
essentially by two Australian researchers published 10 some 10 years ago slow death by rubber duck
everybody and in fact the year of publication was dah dah dah dah dah
it just shows you know how to get bloody publication dates on i read 2009 so 14 years old now the
point about this is that you kill your child by giving them rubber ducks to chew on
why slow death by rubber duck two University of Queensland researchers who said i wonder what
my child is chewing on and this book articulates there's over 80 000 synthetic chemicals that are
are in products and a number of our members our participants have commented on you have also
jj made this distinction between toxicity and pathogens this book i recommend it to all of you
very readable very enjoyable 80 000 synthetic chemicals less than five percent of them have
been tested for safety okay and then we've got you we've got elik zek who gave us a slide and i
remind all of you with this slide with 37 symptoms of toxicity that are identical to covid
and common cold and flu symptoms and so everybody whilst we talk about common cold are you sure
you're not being poisoned and many of us on this call would say yes we are and what i'm jj you
you're a wonderful exposition and and this since 1970 my naturopath 1970 when i have a cold my
father would say i'm i don't have a cold i am eliminating and so these symptoms from a disease
versus getting slow death by rubber duck everybody jj just bring it to your attention
nice thank you go into it but jump but the toxicity versus an infection stay the last
questions to you for the next few minutes so jj this is a really important question now so
um i've been thinking about it a lot over the past three months um but it's kind of coming to a
head and so i don't want to kind of talk about me but i was involved together with other doctors
in a massive fight with the british government over uh dr david kelly and so we had a massive
information we we became experts we were told this by the daily mail and um the top three people at
the daily mail one of them was the godfather of fleet street uh so-called hall daker and
we became experts we we fought a very tight campaign without lawyers we we were on our own
and uh we got letters published in six letters published in the guardian one in the new states
one the one in the new states one i think cost the editor his job um unfortunately um but anyway
pointed to this we then got the best lawyers in the united kingdom liday in london the human
rights lawyers claimants only they were the the government the british government tried to take
liday out because they had a thousand clients in iraq and there was a four-year uh um investigation
of liday this huge uh london firm uh on behalf of the british government by the solicitors regulatory
authority anyway the point was that we got these lawyers on board we didn't even know we were
going to be litigants but we did become litigants but we didn't realize it there was so brilliant
and one of the brilliant things they did um so there was one lawyer in particular called
francis swain and she was absolutely brilliant um but she was incredibly modest that's probably
why she was so brilliant and she was the kind of chosen one if you like of uh martin day of liday
so he was the kind of uh formed the company with lee leige his name was martin day it took me four
there were four recommendations to get to him and then he immediately got francis swain
swain because i thought it would be martin day taking charge of this very important case
and it was francis swain so then i'm not sure it was her idea but it probably was her idea
she instructed a lawyer on the on our behalf because he had all this information very like now
and so the strategy was this a brilliant strategy i've forgotten about it and it's what we should
do in my opinion i hope that you'll agree and if you do then we need to work together to identify
exactly what they honed in on and what they honed in on so they knew we'd formed a very tight campaign
concentrating on the medicine always making points that we knew that they couldn't answer
and that's exactly what happened and so a lot of people said oh we didn't succeed in getting a
uh an inquest but in the end we didn't need an inquest because actually what we were trying to
do was change public opinion from dr david kelly according to the british government having committed
suicide and changing that public opinion to oh he was bumped off which is what people say now
who wants it and so what the lord lawyer this lawyer i think was francis swain she brilliantly
honed in on instructing a barrister called richard herma and the tactics seem to be to me
but i'm not sure i never had it confirmed but uh they wanted a barrister a very able barrister
but a hungry barrister i.e. someone who was going to be qc in the next two or three years you know
qc's queens council now king's council so richard herma fitted the bill he was absolutely brilliant
and his his task was to identify the single point weakest point of the british government when it
came to dr david kelly and to identify what it was and also that point had to be
understood by the people very importantly and so what he came up with out of this massive
information much a bit medical well a lot of a lot of it medical and uh about coroner's law and
inquests he said that the single most important point out of all the many points which could be
made and the one that the lawyers and we should concentrate on was that it was not possible
to bleed to death from an owner archery which is the small archery on the on the medial aspect of
the ventral surface of the wrist and that was a brilliant strategy because they were
stumped before but they were really stumped when they had to argue against that so my question to
you is jjj what is the biggest lie and secondly what is the part of the narrative that they're
most vulnerable to attack on and unable to defend himself because that was the case with the
bleeding to death from from a severed owner archery oh that's that's a tricky question yeah
it's a tricky question um i don't know if i have the right answer off the top of my head but my gut
says that um michael eden would agree with me that that vulnerability is the story of an RNA
based pandemic so the story that we have to accept and we're going to go along with their
story is that there wasn't something there and then in the end of 2019 there was something in a point
that then spread from that point around the world on airplanes and is continuing to spread
around the world now i really think that is the the giant lie because that's not a small lie that's
a magnificently gigantic massive lie about the potential for RNA to replicate and
so i think that's where they're the most vulnerable that's where the public understand that that's
that's the that's the point i don't think that it's impossible for the public to understand that
yes they're going to resist and yes the tv will will tell the public that they can't possibly
understand it but it's a very simple explanation that gets simpler every time i give it and i don't
think that anybody that's really interested if you start with as this is michael eden's strategy
start with they lied and then when people are curious enough to say what did they lie about
start with the fidelity of RNA the idea that an RNA molecule if granted the right sequence
can replicate with high fidelity and go around the world that infect millions of people in a way
that it's never happened before not even close not even if you give them three orders of magnitude
it's still never happened and so it's i think that that's where i got with my friend just the
other day who came into town who hadn't heard me and didn't know where i was working okay jib what
about they think that's where you start what there was no diagnosis covid-19 because that stops people
in the tracks i've tried and steven hang on hang on hang on hang on we're we're now you've got the
answer it's a great answer steven stick with that answer right because i like that's a great thing
for us because that's what i had questioned that's what marvin passed it's not just one answer to
this we need to discuss no no you asked for an answer he gave you one answer yeah you know and
and it's it's it's tied because we're gonna have not half an hour for another conversation but it's
a great question and so let's stick with that gosh how would we explain that steven what jj is
saying he says it's getting simpler each time because i take your point the tip of the spear
the david kelly metaphor is an excellent one for us absolutely all right steven one more minute one
more jj if you've got a second one that steven wants that's exactly what i was going to ask him
next one what's that you want a second one that their boner one yeah well second then the second
one is their their ridiculous model of immunity that has to do with anybody's floating in your
blood so we just have to challenge people to understand how dumb that is and why that was
inserted already decades ago but but the point that the thing i'd like just like to say is that
people are so wedded even in this group to having had covid 19 they're shocked when when a doctor
turned round for example and says there was no reliable diagnosis covid 19 and that it was a
fraud the whole thing that there was no symptom which was pathognomonic for covid 19 and there was
the pcr test of course was a joke and should never have been deployed so then shocked when i as a
medical doctor say and look them in the eye and say i'm sorry i know you want to want to stick with
that story that you've had covid 19 but there was no diagnosis of covid 19 in my opinion right
i just think the the danger of that is is that the planners of this orchestration have thought
of that already and they have done something so the question is like Jim earlier said did they
release a bacterial pathogen that caused respiratory disease and then said it was a coronavirus and
sampled from a conflated background signal or did they use clones to make people sick
that part of the crime we don't know but there's a lot of people who had something at the same
time as other people had something and i don't necessarily say that you're wrong and that is it
JJ points i'm trying to make is that this tactic this strategy came from one of the most brilliant
lawyers in the world and that's why i'm arguing that if you try to make people say that what they
experienced isn't what they experienced that's more challenging than to say they lied and that
they lied about this biology of our day that's what i mean because you can get there later we're
going so what i'm trying to do is highlight the strategy in your mind that yes i get it
if we can work on that he's got it JJ thank you so much you're very welcome no we could go for
another four hours we cleave but you should be pleased JJ next time you come on you can do a
five-minute intro we'll hit the questions going without any drama so at least at least we've got
some of your knowledge to handle our difficult questions steven thank you for organizing
JJ thank you for jumping in at the last a minute and thanks everybody for participation for your
insights for thoughts for provocative thoughts um we fight the fight and JJ i was was saying this
is a six-year war world war three someone with spiritual information says now it's a seven-year
war so we're three and a half years into a seven-year war so everybody just get rejuvenated
steven with a three and a half more years of these meetings okay everybody enjoy all right thanks
for being here bye thank you so much thank you and everybody else thank you JJ while it's funny
you said that uh charles about seven years check out revelation not
it was a great way to hear it all right i just signed off thank you guys for sitting in um i hope
i'm going to be able to hang out with my friend tonight and that means i won't stream later this
was my stream for today um i apologize for the short notice i got called at the last minute because
um david martin decided not to show up um it was an impromptu little thing i don't know how far off
the rails i sounded um but anyway thanks for joining me i'll stream this song out um and i will
see you guys again tomorrow um i probably won't do two hours and 24 minutes tomorrow but i had to
do that when i get get off for a guide platform so thanks very much guys for for being here
so
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!
Stop lying! Stop lying!
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!